RDSC-1131 document access to key and before (#2614)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rdi/data-transformation/data-transformation-pipeline.md

- `source` is required.
- Either `transform` and `key` (or both) should be specified.

#### Using key in transformations

> In order to access the Redis key (for example in Write Behind job) you will need to take the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to access the Redis key (for example in a Write Behind job) you will need to take the following steps:
```

- Set `row_format: full` to allow access to the key which is part of the full data entry.
- Use the expression `key.key` to get the Redis key as a string.

> #### Before and After values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Before and after values
```

> Update events will typically report a `before` and `after` sections giving state before the update and after. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update events typically report `before` and `after` sections providing access to the data state before and after the update. 
```

> To access before values explicitly you will need to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the "before" values explicitly, you will need to:
```
